cli-tools [NET-572]: Brubeck client support (#324)
streamr-dev/network: packages/cli-tools/README.md

streamr stream resend range 2019-05-10T17:00:00 2019-05-11T21:00:00 <streamId> --private-key <key>
```

#### Configuration

> Use can specify the environment and the authentication with the following command line arguments

Reviewer: Did you mean to write "user"?

```suggestion
User can specify environment and authentication details with the following command line arguments.
```
